[BLOG] Add files-improvements (#545)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/files-improvements.md

---
title: 'File management improvements in Spyder4'
published: November 12, 2019
author: juanita-gomez

> description: 'We will focus on the Files pane in this post, where we've made several improvements to the interface and file management tools.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: "We will focus on the Files pane in this post, where we've made several improvements to the interface and file management tools."
```
